All right.
Lastly I want to take care of inside our maze instead just out in a little bit of color and also show
a nice message to the user whenever they succeed.
So they understand that they really did just win at the game.
We're going to take a look at some of the different shapes that we are creating.
We're going to make sure that we add on a bill style to them to just color them in.
In addition I'm going to make sure that when I create my render here's our options object right here.
And also going to flip wire frames to false remember that is what's going to make all of our different
shapes solid and allow us to apply some colors to them so I can update wire frames to false.
And we're going to go down and find where we create all of our different shapes.
I'm going to leave the walls as essentially whatever random color we get assigned.
I don't really care about those but I really care about is the different walls the ball and the goal
so going to go down to where we create our verticals and horizontals here's the horizontals for each
right here.
I'm gonna find where I create the wall.
I'm going to add in a new property to this option's object and remember if we want to customize the
color we can add on a render option with a bill style we'll specify the color that we want it's going
to try out a color of red at all then go down to where we create our verticals I'll find a wall that
we create in there I'll find the options object and I'll also put on a render with a bill style of Red
I'll go down to where we create our goal I'm going to add on a render with a Phil style of green.
So just make it a nice screen that the user can understand.
Hey green is good right.
And then finally I'll find where recreate the ball and the options object I'll add on a render and a
feel style of blue.
So blue for the ball it's let's save this I will flip back over refresh and now we've got some interesting
coloring going on.
This is definitely a little bit easier to pass visually.
Little bit more interesting as well.
The only thing I don't quite like about it is that the ball is a very dark blue.
So if you wanted to you could try out some different colors and find one that maybe suits you better
that looks good.
So now let's see what to do is to make sure once these are wins we show a message on the very center
of the screen that says very clearly hey you won.
So another quick pause.
Wrap this thing up in just a moment.